Beichen, this is a delivery ceremony.
You need 50,000 ocean?
Mother
Isn't this all for our Gu family to support face?
It would have cost more
It's all plum keeps moving
I saved a lot
That picture actually has this ability?
Beichen, then these next details
How are you going to order it?
I'll go.
After my father-in-law found out about this
Has been helping me behind my back
Invited the golden bottle
Celebrities of the four major families in the city came to help me detective
Plus the commander-in-chief's recommendation letter to the thrush
I believe
This time, our Gu family will definitely be able to soar into the sky.
Beichen Na Jingyun
The matter of their Lin family succeeding you to the throne
It's a lot of hard work.
You these days
Just accompany Jingyun
Maybe he can pay it back
Then isn't our Gu family a double happiness?
Mother is ok
It is better to choose a day than to hit the sun
Just tonight, you will go and accompany Jingyun well.
Oh, they are almost the people of the deputy city lord
I don't want outsiders to say you are.
The concubine is overly talked about
It doesn't affect you
Hey Beichen
You heartless man
You can't go to Lin Jingyun's room
Oops, it's not allowed, it's not allowed
Okay, okay.
Besides, the position of your deputy city lord
I obviously fought for it for you
How can you put it back on the forest trail cloud head?
Okay, plum
I get sick when I see him
Don't worry.
I will never touch him tonight.
Then you can't lie to me.
The son in the belly is listening
Of course, you're the only one in my heart.
And I've already ordered to find my mother
In the future, the big and small finances of the government
It's all over to you
Really. Hmm.
Beichen, you are so kind, wait until tomorrow.
I will definitely treat you well